todo.md, before:

+ Add in notifications, Alerts, Email
+ Add in the other stream sections
+ Add Aside
  + Make Aside Buttons Work
+ Add Support for more pages
  + My Portfolio
  + ClassList
  + Grades
  + Notifications
  + Email
  + Messages
  + Calendar
  + Settings
    + D2l Settings
      + Account Settings
    + Extension Settings
      + button to turn extension off
      + Theme Options
  + Etc.
+ Improve Current Features
  + Fetch Teacher Info For Each Class On Class page
  + Fetch Teacher Name for each classes page
  + Fix Fetching of classroom image it errors sometimes
  + Make Notification Alert UI use a json route
  + Allow drag and drop sorting of class order
  + add more sorting options
  + Improve main app class
    + make use of history.pushState() for seamless single page navigation and reload recovery.
  + Add better interaction between google products like google meet and d2l.
  + Add Schedule View for Stream
+ Improve CodeBase
  + reevaluate design
  + rewrite css
  + move to typescript
  + consider moving to react or an alternative
  + reorganize project layout
  + fix github configuration
  + add an updateStream using github
+ Try to get some users
+ Add widgets
  + Add calendar widget to stream
+ Stop D2l Scripts
+ Try To Use Api Routes That Give Raw JSON data instead of interacting with any routes returning HTML, try to move away from needing to be an extension.

Commit message:

feat(Begin Addition Of Assignments into stream)

todo.md, after:

+ Add in the other stream sections
  + Make the stream content update
  + Content
  + Discussions
  + Assignments
    + Add in feedback
    + Add in hand in spot
    + Add in viewing for older hand in files
    + try to get handout date not just hand in date
    + Rubric holder
    + Any Related Materials Viewer
  + Quizzes
+ Add in notifications, Alerts, Email
+ Add Aside
  + Make Aside Buttons Work
+ Add Support for more pages
  + My Portfolio
  + ClassList
  + Grades
  + Notifications
  + Email
  + Messages
  + Calendar
  + Settings
    + D2l Settings
      + Account Settings
    + Extension Settings
      + button to turn extension off
      + Theme Options
  + Etc.
+ Improve Current Features
  + Fetch Teacher Info For Each Class On Class page
  + Fetch Teacher Name for each classes page
  + Fix Fetching of classroom image it errors sometimes
  + Make Notification Alert UI use a json route
  + Allow drag and drop sorting of class order
  + add more sorting options
  + Improve main app class
    + make use of history.pushState() for seamless single page navigation and reload recovery.
  + Add better interaction between google products like google meet and d2l.
  + Add Schedule View for Stream
+ Improve CodeBase
  + reevaluate design
    + Do Design Up in figma
    + rewrite css
  + consider moving to react or an alternative
  + move to typescript
  + reorganize project layout
  + add an updateStream using github
+ Try to get some users
+ Add widgets
  + Add calendar widget to stream
+ Stop D2l Scripts
+ Try To Use Api Routes That Give Raw JSON data instead of interacting with any routes returning HTML, try to move away from needing to be an extension.
